RON_universal_setup = yes
  
capital = 111
oob = "FNN_1918"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.9

add_ideas = {
	press_state
	security_police_state
	planned_economy
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1910.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 40
	democratic = 50
	communism = 10
}

add_ideas = {
	sisu
}

recruit_character = FNN_Mannerheim
recruit_character = FNN_Friedrich_Karl
recruit_character = FNN_Juhani_Arajarvi
recruit_character = FNN_Juho_Kusti
recruit_character = FNN_Kaarlo_Castren
recruit_character = FNN_Kaarlo_Juho
recruit_character = FNN_Lauri_Ingman
recruit_character = FNN_Lauri_Malmberg
recruit_character = FNN_Martin_Wetzer
recruit_character = FNN_Omni_Talas
recruit_character = FNN_Otto_Stenroth
recruit_character = FNN_Pehr_Evind_Svinhufvud
recruit_character = FNN_Carl_Seber
recruit_character = FNN_Johan_Allan_Hygerth
recruit_character = FNN_Ernst_Linder
recruit_character = FNN_Ernst_Loftstrom
recruit_character = FNN_Hannes_Ignatius
recruit_character = FNN_Hans_Kalm
recruit_character = FNN_Karl_Fredrik_Wilkama
recruit_character = FNN_Vilho_Petter_Nenonen