RON_universal_setup = yes
  
capital = 111
oob = "FNR_1918"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 25
set_stability = 0.7

add_ideas = {
	press_state
	security_police_state
	planned_economy
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1910.1.1"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	communism = 80
}

recruit_character = FNR_Antti_Kiviranta
recruit_character = FNR_Otto_Wille_Kuusinen
recruit_character = FNR_Emil_Elo
recruit_character = FNR_Johan_Erik_Lumivuokko
recruit_character = FNR_Konstantin_Lindqvist
recruit_character = FNR_Mattia_Turkia
recruit_character = FNR_Edvard_Gylling
recruit_character = FNR_Oskari_Tokoi
recruit_character = FNR_Yrjo_Sirola
recruit_character = FNR_Kullervo_Manner
recruit_character = FNR_Jalo_Kohonen
recruit_character = FNR_Lauri_Letonmaki
recruit_character = FNR_Adolf_Taimi
recruit_character = FNR_Eero_Haapalainen
recruit_character = FNR_Evert_Eloranta
recruit_character = FNR_Eino_Rahja
recruit_character = FNR_Ali_Aaltonen
recruit_character = FNR_Verner_Lehtimaki
recruit_character = FNR_August_Wesley
recruit_character = FNR_Ernst_Hausen