RON_universal_setup = yes
  
capital = 294
oob = "OMA_1900"

set_convoys = 10
set_war_support = 0.1
set_stability = 0.8

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = islamism
	last_election = "1900.1.1"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	islamism = 100
}

recruit_character = OMA_Communist_Advisor
recruit_character = OMA_Democratic_Advisor
recruit_character = OMA_Communist_Advisor
recruit_character = OMA_Democratic_Advisor
recruit_character = OMA_Fascist_Advisor
recruit_character = OMA_Authoritarian_Advisor
recruit_character = OMA_Islamic_Advisor
recruit_character = OMA_Armaments_Organizer
recruit_character = OMA_Backroom_Backstabber
recruit_character = OMA_Captain_Of_Industry
recruit_character = OMA_Compassionate_Gentleman
recruit_character = OMA_Financial_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_Fortification_Engineer
recruit_character = OMA_Ideological_Crusader
recruit_character = OMA_Popular_Figurehead
recruit_character = OMA_Prince_of_Terror
recruit_character = OMA_Quartermaster_General
recruit_character = OMA_Silent_Workhorse
recruit_character = OMA_Smooth_Talking_Charmer
recruit_character = OMA_War_Industrialist
recruit_character = OMA_Social_Reformer
recruit_character = OMA_Anti_Communist_Crusader
recruit_character = OMA_Propaganda_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_Technocrat
recruit_character = OMA_Economist
recruit_character = OMA_Anti_Fascist_Agent
recruit_character = OMA_Education_Reformer_M
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Defense_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Drill_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Maneuver_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Offense_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Organization_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Planning_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Reformer_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Entrenchment_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Army_Old_Guard_Expert

recruit_character = OMA_NC_Anti_Submarine_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Commerce_Raiding_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Decisive_Battle_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Fleet_Logistics_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Naval_Air_Defense_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Naval_Aviation_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Naval_Maneuver_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Naval_Reformer_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Old_Guard_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_NC_Screen_Expert

recruit_character = OMA_AC_Air_Reformer_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Air_Safety_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Air_Superiority_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_All_Weather_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Close_Air_Support_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Ground_Support_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Naval_Aviation_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Night_Operations_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Air_Combat_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_AC_Air_Old_Guard_M
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Air_Combat_Training_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Air_Superiority_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Airborne_Assault_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Anti_Submarine_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Capital_Ships_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Carriers_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Amphibious_Assault_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Armor_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Army_Drill_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Army_Logistics_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Army_Maneuver_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Army_Regrouping_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Infantry_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Strategic_Bombing_Expert
recruit_character = OMA_HC_Submarines_Expert_M
recruit_character = OMA_Air_Warfare_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Assault_Aviation_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Blitzkrieg_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Close_Air_Support_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Grand_Battleplan_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Grand_Fleet_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Mass_Assault_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Mobile_Warfare_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Military_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Naval_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Nuclear_Scientist_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Rocket_Scientist_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Submarine_Specialist_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Superior_Firepower_Theorist
recruit_character = OMA_Victory_Through_Airpower_Theorist

recruit_character = OMA_Ahmad_ibn_Ahmad
recruit_character = OMA_faisal_bin_turki
OMA_faisal_bin_turki = { 
	promote_character = {
		Ideology = despotism
		Ideology = emiratism
	}
}


1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_1910"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = islamism
		last_election = "1910.1.1"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	set_popularities = {
		islamism = 100
	}

	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		early_infantry_weapons = 1
		light_field_gun1 = 1
		heavy_field_gun1 = 1
		# Navy
		ww1_destroyer0 = 1
		ww1_destroyer1 = 1
		ww1_light_cruiser1 = 1
		ww1_light_cruiser0 = 1
		ww1_battlecruiser0 = 1
		ww1_battleship0 = 1
		ww1_submarine1 = 1
		ww1_coastal_submarine1 = 1
		transport = 1
		horses = 1
		ww1_electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	}
	
}

1914.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_1914"
}

1919.1.1 = {
	retire_character = OMA_faisal_bin_turki
	recruit_character = OMA_Taimur_Bin_Feisal
	OMA_Taimur_Bin_Feisal = { 
		promote_character = {
			Ideology = despotism
			Ideology = emiratism
		}
	}
}

1933.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_1933"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = islamism
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		islamism = 100
	}
	retire_character = OMA_Taimur_Bin_Feisal
	recruit_character = OMA_Said_bin_Taimur
	OMA_Said_bin_Taimur = { 
		promote_character = {
			Ideology = despotism
			Ideology = emiratism
		}
	}
}

1936.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = islamism
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		islamism = 100
	}
	oob = "OMA_1936"
	# Starting tech
	set_technology = {
		infantry_weapons = 1
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_1939"
}

1940.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_1940"
}

1949.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_1949"
}

1970.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_1970"
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = islamism
		last_election = "1970.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		islamism = 100
	}
}

1980.1.1 = {
	retire_character = OMA_Said_bin_Taimur
	recruit_character = OMA_Qaboos_Bin_Said
	OMA_Qaboos_Bin_Said = { 
		promote_character = {
			Ideology = despotism
			Ideology = emiratism
		}
	}
}

2000.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_2000"
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_start_date > 2000.1.1
		}

		### GENERALS
		recruit_character = OMA_qabus_ibn_said
		recruit_character = OMA_ahmed_bin_harith_alnabhani
		recruit_character = OMA_salim_bin_musallam
		recruit_character = OMA_mohammed_bin_nasser_alrasabi
		recruit_character = OMA_khaalfan_elzaadgali
		recruit_character = OMA_khalifa_bin_hamad_al_qasimi
		recruit_character = OMA_alsayyed_shihab
		recruit_character = OMA_hassan_bin_ali_alsayabi
		recruit_character = OMA_khamis_bin_salem_aljabri
		recruit_character = OMA_hamid_bin_saif_alsheidi
		recruit_character = OMA_abdullah_bin_khamis_alraisi
	}
}
2016.1.1 = {
	oob = "OMA_2016"
}

2020.1.1 = {
	retire_character = OMA_Qaboos_Bin_Said
	recruit_character = OMA_Haitham_Tarik
	OMA_Haitham_Tarik = { 
		promote_character = {
			Ideology = despotism
			Ideology = emiratism
		}
	}
}
