recruit_character = ALB_Turhan_Permeti
recruit_character = ALB_prince_william
recruit_character = ALB_enver_hoxha
recruit_character = ALB_mustava_merlika_kruja
recruit_character = ALB_king_zog
recruit_character = ALB_xhafer_bej_ypi
recruit_character = ALB_jeronim_bazo
recruit_character = ALB_dedë_prenga
recruit_character = ALB_nazmi_cahani
recruit_character = ALB_dhori_spirollari
recruit_character = ALB_ekland_dauti
recruit_character = ALB_manushaqe_shehu
recruit_character = ALB_ylber_dogjani
recruit_character = ALB_kristaq_gërveni
recruit_character = ALB_leka_i
recruit_character = ALB_aleksandër_meksi
recruit_character = ALB_tefik_mborja
recruit_character = ALB_ramiz_alia
recruit_character = ALB_ilir_meta
recruit_character = ALB_hysni_milloshi
recruit_character = ALB_idajet_beqiri
recruit_character = ALB_leka_ii
recruit_character = ALB_bamir_topi
recruit_character = ALB_bujar_nishani
recruit_character = ALB_edi_rama
recruit_character = ALB_davud_feza
