recruit_character = ARG_julio_argentino_roca
recruit_character = ARG_hipolito_yrigoyen
recruit_character = ARG_josé_félix_uriburu
recruit_character = ARG_rodolfo_ghioldi
recruit_character = ARG_juan_domingo_peron
recruit_character = ARG_agustín_pedro_justo
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_t._de_alvear
recruit_character = ARG_diego_luis_suñer
recruit_character = ARG_bari_del_valle_sosa
recruit_character = ARG_enrique_victor_amrein
recruit_character = ARG_santiago_ferreyra
recruit_character = ARG_joaquín_estrada
recruit_character = ARG_agustin_cejas
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_corvalan
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_sigon
recruit_character = ARG_aldo_fernandez
recruit_character = ARG_aldo_sala
recruit_character = ARG_alejandro_martelletti
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_alfredo_pérez_aquino
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_nogueira
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_podio
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_sityar
recruit_character = ARG_claudio_gallardo
recruit_character = ARG_clemente_magallanes
recruit_character = ARG_daniel_eduardo_varela
recruit_character = ARG_claudio_ernesto_pasqualini
recruit_character = ARG_federico_sidders
recruit_character = ARG_fernando_mauricio_ros
recruit_character = ARG_gerardo_ferrara
recruit_character = ARG_german_monge
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_pereda
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_Ángel_tabernero
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_booth
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_luzuriaga
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_planes
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_vidal
recruit_character = ARG_héctor_horacio_prechi
recruit_character = ARG_hugo_gargano
recruit_character = ARG_hugo_leonard
recruit_character = ARG_javier_abregu
recruit_character = ARG_javier_aquino
recruit_character = ARG_jose_navarro
recruit_character = ARG_josé_antonio_saumell_robert
recruit_character = ARG_jose_stanchina
recruit_character = ARG_josé_luis_yofre
recruit_character = ARG_juan_antonio_zamora
recruit_character = ARG_juan_adrián_campitelli
recruit_character = ARG_juan_gettig
recruit_character = ARG_juan_paleo
recruit_character = ARG_juan_pulleiro
recruit_character = ARG_justo_treviranus
recruit_character = ARG_luis_ricciardi
recruit_character = ARG_maria_pansa
recruit_character = ARG_martin_deimundo
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_lugand
recruit_character = ARG_norberto_pastor
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_guardone
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_jose_suárez
recruit_character = ARG_sergio_santulario
recruit_character = ARG_tomas_moyano
recruit_character = ARG_bernardo_noziglia
recruit_character = ARG_cesar_recalde
recruit_character = ARG_dardo_difalco
recruit_character = ARG_david_burden
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_bacchi
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_malchiodi
recruit_character = ARG_eduardo_sancet
recruit_character = ARG_francisco_medrano
recruit_character = ARG_gabriel_gonzalez
recruit_character = ARG_german_arbizu
recruit_character = ARG_guillermo_cormick
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_iglesias
recruit_character = ARG_gustavo_vignale
recruit_character = ARG_jorge_cisneros
recruit_character = ARG_jose_villan
recruit_character = ARG_luis_gottardo
recruit_character = ARG_luis_mazzeo
recruit_character = ARG_marcelo_eduardo_hipolito_srur
recruit_character = ARG_marcos_henson
recruit_character = ARG_maria_uriarte
recruit_character = ARG_miguel_Ángel_máscolo
recruit_character = ARG_oscar_pichel
recruit_character = ARG_oscar_vivas
recruit_character = ARG_osvaldo_vernazza
recruit_character = ARG_pedro_galardi
recruit_character = ARG_rafael_prieto
recruit_character = ARG_rodolfo_larrosa
recruit_character = ARG_zenon_bolino
recruit_character = ARG_nimio_de_anquín
recruit_character = ARG_jose_fernando_penelon
recruit_character = ARG_arturo_frondizi
recruit_character = ARG_juan_carlos_ongania
recruit_character = ARG_hector_campora
recruit_character = ARG_ricard_balbin
recruit_character = ARG_isabel_peron
recruit_character = ARG_alvaro_alsogaray
recruit_character = ARG_jorge_rafael_videla
recruit_character = ARG_raul_alfonsin
recruit_character = ARG_oscar_allende
recruit_character = ARG_carlos_menem
recruit_character = ARG_fernando_de_la_rúa
recruit_character = ARG_ernesto_kirchner
recruit_character = ARG_eduarto_duhalde
recruit_character = ARG_roberto_lavagna
recruit_character = ARG_cristina_fernández_de_kirchner
recruit_character = ARG_mauricio_macri
recruit_character = ARG_cristina_fernandez
recruit_character = ARG_daniel_scioli
recruit_character = ARG_alberto_fernandez
recruit_character = ARG_cirilo_maza
