recruit_character = ARM_avetis_aharonyan
recruit_character = ARM_drastamat_kanayan
recruit_character = ARM_grigor_harutyunyan
recruit_character = ARM_aram_sargsyan
recruit_character = ARM_alexander_khatisian
recruit_character = ARM_movses_hakobyan
recruit_character = ARM_haykaz_papik_baghmanyan
recruit_character = ARM_stepan_robert_galstyan
recruit_character = ARM_onik_viktor_gasparyan
recruit_character = ARM_aris_brutyan
recruit_character = ARM_artak_davtyan
recruit_character = ARM_albert_mardoyan
recruit_character = ARM_avetik_muradyan
recruit_character = ARM_armen_vardanyan
recruit_character = ARM_temur_shahnazaryan
recruit_character = ARM_ishkan_matevosyan
recruit_character = ARM_vardan_nshanyan
recruit_character = ARM_poghos_poghosyan
recruit_character = ARM_norayr_yolchyan
recruit_character = ARM_tiran_khacatryan
recruit_character = ARM_kamo_qochunts
recruit_character = ARM_hayk_karapetyan
recruit_character = ARM_aleksan_aleksanyan
recruit_character = ARM_genadi_tavaratsyan
recruit_character = ARM_henrik_muradyan
recruit_character = ARM_kamavor_khachatryan
recruit_character = ARM_vahan_avetisyan
recruit_character = ARM_artur_chatyan
recruit_character = ARM_yuri_khachaturov
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_kajaznuni
recruit_character = ARM_levon_terpetrosyan
recruit_character = ARM_serzh_sargsyan
recruit_character = ARM_nikol_pashinyan
recruit_character = ARM_john_wilson
