recruit_character = AST_edmund_barton
recruit_character = AST_eric_campbell
recruit_character = AST_richard_dixon
recruit_character = AST_earle_page
recruit_character = AST_alfred_deakin
recruit_character = AST_ben_chifley
recruit_character = AST_billy_hughes
recruit_character = AST_john_curtin
recruit_character = AST_angus_campbell
recruit_character = AST_david_morrison
recruit_character = AST_sir_peter_cosgrove
recruit_character = AST_timothy_barrett
recruit_character = AST_mark_bonser
recruit_character = AST_mark_campbell
recruit_character = AST_mark_binskin
recruit_character = AST_rick_burr
recruit_character = AST_gus_gilmore
recruit_character = AST_paul_mclachlan
recruit_character = AST_ben_james
recruit_character = AST_stephen_porter
recruit_character = AST_david_westphalen
recruit_character = AST_jeff_sengelman
recruit_character = AST_gavin_leo_davis
recruit_character = AST_warren_mcdonald
recruit_character = AST_gavin_turnbull
recruit_character = AST_robert_swanwick
recruit_character = AST_sharon_pearce
recruit_character = AST_john_cantwell
recruit_character = AST_shane_caughey
recruit_character = AST_mike_hindmarsh
recruit_character = AST_stuart_smith
recruit_character = AST_simone_wilkie
recruit_character = AST_ray_griggs
recruit_character = AST_michael_noonan
recruit_character = AST_stuart_mayer
recruit_character = AST_david_johnston
recruit_character = AST_jonathan_mead
recruit_character = AST_michael_uzzell
recruit_character = AST_brett_brace
recruit_character = AST_bruce_kafer
recruit_character = AST_gary_wight
recruit_character = AST_robert_menzies
recruit_character = AST_john_gorton
recruit_character = AST_malcolm_fraser
recruit_character = AST_bob_hawke
recruit_character = AST_john_howard
recruit_character = AST_kevin_rudd
recruit_character = AST_malcolm_turnball
recruit_character = AST_scott_morrison
recruit_character = AST_scott_mackenzie
