recruit_character = AUS_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = AUS_engelbert_dolfus
recruit_character = AUS_karl_seitz
recruit_character = AUS_alfred_klahr
recruit_character = AUS_arthur_seyssinquart
recruit_character = AUS_kurt_schuschnigg
recruit_character = AUS_karl_renner
recruit_character = AUS_othmar_commenda
recruit_character = AUS_horst_hofer
recruit_character = AUS_jürgen_wörgötter
recruit_character = AUS_franz_reissner
recruit_character = AUS_dieter_heidecker
recruit_character = AUS_othmar_wohlkönig
recruit_character = AUS_heinrich_winkelmayer
recruit_character = AUS_gerhard_christiner
recruit_character = AUS_christian_platzner
recruit_character = AUS_karl_gruber
recruit_character = AUS_hermann_kaponig
recruit_character = AUS_rudolf_striedinger
recruit_character = AUS_edwin_potocnik
recruit_character = AUS_christian_habersatter
recruit_character = AUS_christian_riemer
recruit_character = AUS_peter_grünwald
recruit_character = AUS_theodor_körner
recruit_character = AUS_franz_muhri
recruit_character = AUS_kurt_waldheim
recruit_character = AUS_wilfried_gredler
recruit_character = AUS_julius_raab
recruit_character = AUS_josef_klaus
recruit_character = AUS_rudolf_kirchschlager
recruit_character = AUS_franz_vranitzky
recruit_character = AUS_viktor_klima
recruit_character = AUS_sebastian_kurz
recruit_character = AUS_susanne_riess
recruit_character = AUS_walter_baier
recruit_character = AUS_heinz_fischer
recruit_character = AUS_werner_faymann
recruit_character = AUS_brigitte_bierlein
recruit_character = AUS_staffan_lugmair
