recruit_character = BEL_hubert_pierlot
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_leon_degrelle
recruit_character = BEL_gaston_eyskens
recruit_character = BEL_paul_van_zeeland
recruit_character = BEL_Charles_de_Broqueville
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_I
recruit_character = BEL_leopold_ii
recruit_character = BEL_l√©on_degrelle
recruit_character = BEL_leopold_iii
recruit_character = BEL_hubert_de_vos
recruit_character = BEL_eddy_testelmans
recruit_character = BEL_jeanmarie_jockin
recruit_character = BEL_pierre_neirinckx
recruit_character = BEL_frederick_vansina
recruit_character = BEL_marc_thys
recruit_character = BEL_bart_moerman
recruit_character = BEL_bruno_denis
recruit_character = BEL_bruno_van_loo
recruit_character = BEL_michel_pihard
recruit_character = BEL_wim_denolf
recruit_character = BEL_georges_heerlen
recruit_character = BEL_paulhenri_spaak
recruit_character = BEL_baudouin
recruit_character = BEL_ludo_martens
recruit_character = BEL_wilfred_martens
recruit_character = BEL_guy_verhofstadt
recruit_character = BEL_abdelhay_bakkali_tahiri
recruit_character = BEL_albert_ii
recruit_character = BEL_herve_van_laethem
recruit_character = BEL_peter_mertens
recruit_character = BEL_king_albert_ii
recruit_character = BEL_charles_michel
