recruit_character = BLR_Vasil_Zacharka
recruit_character = BLR_radasłaŭ_astroŭski
recruit_character = BLR_panteleimon_ponomarenko
recruit_character = BLR_adam_stankievič
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_ravkov
recruit_character = BLR_oleg_belokonev
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_potapenko
recruit_character = BLR_igor_lotenkov
recruit_character = BLR_vitaly_kireyev
recruit_character = BLR_viktor_hrenin
recruit_character = BLR_ruslan_kosygin
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_zhuk
recruit_character = BLR_anatolyi_bulavko
recruit_character = BLR_andrei_fedin
recruit_character = BLR_oreh_vladimir
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_volfovich
recruit_character = BLR_valeriy_gnilozub
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_kulazhin
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_gurin
recruit_character = BLR_igor_kuzmuk
recruit_character = BLR_vitaly_shkadrovich
recruit_character = BLR_vadim_denisenko
recruit_character = BLR_igor_danilchik
recruit_character = BLR_vyacheslav_starkov
recruit_character = BLR_dmitry_lukyanenko
recruit_character = BLR_oleg_dvigalev
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_trus
recruit_character = BLR_igor_golub
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_karev
recruit_character = BLR_valery_shevchenko
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_astrauh
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_panfyorov
recruit_character = BLR_stanislav_shushkevich
recruit_character = BLR_alexander_lukashenko
recruit_character = BLR_igor_karpenko
recruit_character = BLR_sergei_gaidukevich
recruit_character = BLR_vladimir_novosiad
recruit_character = BLR_giorgi_grishin
