recruit_character = BUL_boris_iii
recruit_character = BUL_ferdinand_i
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_hristo_lukov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_tsankov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_geshov
recruit_character = BUL_yanko_sakazov
recruit_character = BUL_alexandar_tsankov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_burov
recruit_character = BUL_konstantin_popov
recruit_character = BUL_andrei_botsev
recruit_character = BUL_yavor_mateev
recruit_character = BUL_tsanko_ivanov_stoykov
recruit_character = BUL_petyo_mirchev
recruit_character = BUL_anatoliy_krustev
recruit_character = BUL_lyubcho_spasov_todorov
recruit_character = BUL_todor_tzonev_dochev
recruit_character = BUL_mihail_popov
recruit_character = BUL_rumen_radev
recruit_character = BUL_valeri_konstantin_tsolov
recruit_character = BUL_kostadin_kuzmov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_iliev
recruit_character = BUL_rusi_rusev
recruit_character = BUL_boyan_stavrev
recruit_character = BUL_plamen_yordanov
recruit_character = BUL_gruda_angelov
recruit_character = BUL_yordan_yordanov
recruit_character = BUL_atanas_lefterov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_petkov
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_dimov
recruit_character = BUL_emil_eftimov
recruit_character = BUL_rumen_nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_dimitar_vasilev_yordanov
recruit_character = BUL_kosta_andreev
recruit_character = BUL_mitko_alexander_petev
recruit_character = BUL_simeon_ii
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_lilov
recruit_character = BUL_todor_zhirkov
recruit_character = BUL_todor_zhivkov
recruit_character = BUL_petar_toshev_mladenov
recruit_character = BUL_ivan_kostov
recruit_character = BUL_aleksandar_paunov
recruit_character = BUL_boyan_rasate
recruit_character = BUL_georgi_parvanov
recruit_character = BUL_boyko_borisov
recruit_character = BUL_mihail_hesapchiev
