recruit_character = CHL_germán_riesco_errázuriz
recruit_character = CHL_anibal_zañartu_zañartu
recruit_character = CHL_federico_errázuriz_echaurren
recruit_character = CHL_luis_altamirano
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_ibañez_del_campo
recruit_character = CHL_luis_emilio_recabarren
recruit_character = CHL_pedro_montt
recruit_character = CHL_elias_fernandez_albano
recruit_character = CHL_ramon_barros_luco
recruit_character = CHL_bartolomé_blanche
recruit_character = CHL_juan_luis_sanfuentes
recruit_character = CHL_arturo_alessandri
recruit_character = CHL_pedro_aguirre_cerda
recruit_character = CHL_jeronimo_mendez_arancibia
recruit_character = CHL_juan_antonio_rios
recruit_character = CHL_alfredo_duhalde_vasquez
recruit_character = CHL_vicente_merino_bielich
recruit_character = CHL_juan_antonio_iribarren
recruit_character = CHL_gabriel_gonzalez_videla
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_gonzález_von_marées
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_contreras_labarca
recruit_character = CHL_iván_gonzález_lópez
recruit_character = CHL_ricardo_martínez_menanteau
recruit_character = CHL_guido_montini_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_humberto_oviedo_arriagada
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_robles_mella
recruit_character = CHL_Ángelo_hernández
recruit_character = CHL_ramón_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_urrutia_oyarzún
recruit_character = CHL_rodrigo_goicochea
recruit_character = CHL_javier_abarzúa
recruit_character = CHL_germán_moreno
recruit_character = CHL_luis_farías_gallardo
recruit_character = CHL_luis_chamorro_heilig
recruit_character = CHL_felipe_arancibia_clavel
recruit_character = CHL_luis_espinoza_arenas
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_peña_leiva
recruit_character = CHL_schafik_nazal_lázaro
recruit_character = CHL_miguel_alfonso_bellet
recruit_character = CHL_andrés_fuentealba_gómez
recruit_character = CHL_hernán_araya_santis
recruit_character = CHL_javier_iturriaga_del_campo
recruit_character = CHL_sergio_retamal
recruit_character = CHL_ernesto_tejos_méndez
recruit_character = CHL_fernando_san_cristóbal_schott
recruit_character = CHL_gustavo_núñez_kocher
recruit_character = CHL_enrique_larrañaga_martin
recruit_character = CHL_edmundo_gonzález_robles
recruit_character = CHL_augusto_pinochet
recruit_character = CHL_carlos_prat
recruit_character = CHL_salvador_allende
recruit_character = CHL_jorge_alessandri
recruit_character = CHL_eduardo_frei_montalva
recruit_character = CHL_francisco_javier_errazuriz
recruit_character = CHL_patricio_aylwin
recruit_character = CHL_ricardo_lagos
recruit_character = CHL_eduardo_frei_ruiztagle
recruit_character = CHL_guillermo_teillier
recruit_character = CHL_maria_angelica_basualdo
recruit_character = CHL_pablo_rodriguez_grez
recruit_character = CHL_michelle_bachelet
recruit_character = CHL_michelle_bachele
recruit_character = CHL_sebastian_piñera
recruit_character = CHL_nicolás_franco
