recruit_character = CRO_ante_pavelic
recruit_character = CRO_vladko_maček
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_gošnjak
recruit_character = CRO_ivan_Šubašić
recruit_character = CRO_mirko_Šundov
recruit_character = CRO_slavko_barić
recruit_character = CRO_mate_ostović
recruit_character = CRO_boris_Šerić
recruit_character = CRO_bozo_poljak
recruit_character = CRO_davor_petek
recruit_character = CRO_dominik_ban
recruit_character = CRO_drago_matanović
recruit_character = CRO_dražen_Šćuri
recruit_character = CRO_gordana_garašić
recruit_character = CRO_ivica_kinder
recruit_character = CRO_mato_matanović
recruit_character = CRO_mijo_kožić
recruit_character = CRO_miroslav_kovać
recruit_character = CRO_mladen_fuzul
recruit_character = CRO_niko_jurilj
recruit_character = CRO_slaven_zdilar
recruit_character = CRO_tihomir_zebeć
recruit_character = CRO_perica_turalija
recruit_character = CRO_zoran_bozović
recruit_character = CRO_zdravko_kardum
recruit_character = CRO_predrag_stipanović
recruit_character = CRO_robert_hranj
recruit_character = CRO_marin_stošić
recruit_character = CRO_zlatko_mateša
recruit_character = CRO_davor_trbuha
recruit_character = CRO_ruza_tomasic
recruit_character = CRO_vlado_busic
recruit_character = CRO_stjepan_mesic
recruit_character = CRO_zoran_milanovic
recruit_character = CRO_zoran_milanović
recruit_character = CRO_kolinda_grabarkitarović
recruit_character = CRO_mario_philippovic
