recruit_character = CZR_miloš_zeman
recruit_character = CZR_miroslav_grebenicek
recruit_character = CZR_miroslav_sladek
recruit_character = CZR_petr_michek
recruit_character = CZR_josef_becvar
recruit_character = CZR_miroslav_zizka
recruit_character = CZR_ales_opata
recruit_character = CZR_frantisek_maleninsky
recruit_character = CZR_josef_bečvář
recruit_character = CZR_vlastimil_picek
recruit_character = CZR_jiří_baloun
recruit_character = CZR_Štefan_kaleta
recruit_character = CZR_milan_virt
recruit_character = CZR_gabriel_kovacs
recruit_character = CZR_františek_maleninský
recruit_character = CZR_petr_mikulenka
recruit_character = CZR_Štefan_muránský
recruit_character = CZR_jaroslav_kocián
recruit_character = CZR_ján_gurník
recruit_character = CZR_ivo_střecha
recruit_character = CZR_jaromír_Šebesta
recruit_character = CZR_petr_hromek
recruit_character = CZR_zuzana_Špačková
recruit_character = CZR_pavel_kříž
recruit_character = CZR_vratislav_beran
recruit_character = CZR_karel_Řehka
recruit_character = CZR_jaromír_alan
recruit_character = CZR_jaromír_zůna
recruit_character = CZR_jaroslav_trakal
recruit_character = CZR_františek_ridzák
recruit_character = CZR_zoltán_bubeník
recruit_character = CZR_josef_kopecký
recruit_character = CZR_roman_náhončík
recruit_character = CZR_miroslav_hlaváč
recruit_character = CZR_jiří_adamec
recruit_character = CZR_pavel_lipka
recruit_character = CZR_robert_bielený
recruit_character = CZR_josef_havlík
recruit_character = CZR_václav_klaus
recruit_character = CZR_bohuslav_sobotka
recruit_character = CZR_antonín_chalupa
