recruit_character = DEN_thorvald_stauning
recruit_character = DEN_frits_clausen
recruit_character = DEN_aksel_larsen
recruit_character = DEN_Christian_X
recruit_character = DEN_christian_ix
recruit_character = DEN_bjørn_ingemann_bisserup
recruit_character = DEN_peter_bartram
recruit_character = DEN_per_ludvigsen
recruit_character = DEN_hanschristian_mathiesen
recruit_character = DEN_flemming_lentfer
recruit_character = DEN_flemming_mathiasen
recruit_character = DEN_henning_bæk
recruit_character = DEN_jørgen_høll
recruit_character = DEN_kim_jesper_jørgensen
recruit_character = DEN_finn_winkler
recruit_character = DEN_max_alt_nielsen
recruit_character = DEN_christian_lippert
recruit_character = DEN_lennie_fredskov_hansen
recruit_character = DEN_jørn_e._rasmussen
recruit_character = DEN_per_orluff_knudsen
recruit_character = DEN_jens_ole_rossenjørgensen
recruit_character = DEN_lasse_harkjær
recruit_character = DEN_søren_andersen
recruit_character = DEN_bjarne_højgaard_jensen
recruit_character = DEN_annecathrine_ribnietzky
recruit_character = DEN_lars_r._møller
recruit_character = DEN_per_hinrichsen
recruit_character = DEN_jess_møller_nielsen
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_holm
recruit_character = DEN_birger_mejlholm
recruit_character = DEN_christian_arildsen
recruit_character = DEN_kåre_jakobsen
recruit_character = DEN_stig_Østergaard_nielsen
recruit_character = DEN_jens_bach
recruit_character = DEN_steen_kobberøhansen
recruit_character = DEN_frank_trojahn
recruit_character = DEN_aage_buur_jensen
recruit_character = DEN_finn_hansen
recruit_character = DEN_peter_stamp
recruit_character = DEN_carsten_fjordlarsen
recruit_character = DEN_anders_friis
recruit_character = DEN_torben_mikkelsen
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_ryberg
recruit_character = DEN_hans_hedtoft
recruit_character = DEN_frederick_ix
recruit_character = DEN_knud_jespersen
recruit_character = DEN_mogens_glistrup
recruit_character = DEN_h.c_hansen
recruit_character = DEN_hilmar_baunsgaard
recruit_character = DEN_anker_jorgensen
recruit_character = DEN_poul_schluter
recruit_character = DEN_poul_nyrup_rasmussen
recruit_character = DEN_fadi_abdullatif
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_stamer_hedin
recruit_character = DEN_jonni_hansen
recruit_character = DEN_margrethe_ii
recruit_character = DEN_anders_fogh_rasmussen
recruit_character = DEN_margrethe_ii_queen_of_denmark
recruit_character = DEN_lars_løkke_rasmussen
