recruit_character = DPK_kim_ilsung
recruit_character = DPK_ri_myong_su
recruit_character = DPK_ri_yong_gil
recruit_character = DPK_hyon_yong_chol
recruit_character = DPK_cho_ryong_hae
recruit_character = DPK_choe_pu_il
recruit_character = DPK_hwang_pyong_so
recruit_character = DPK_jo_chun_ryong
recruit_character = DPK_kim_chun_sop
recruit_character = DPK_jo_kyong_chol
recruit_character = DPK_kim_kyok_sik
recruit_character = DPK_kim_myong_kuk
recruit_character = DPK_kim_won_hong
recruit_character = DPK_kim_yong_chun
recruit_character = DPK_pak_yong_sik
recruit_character = DPK_kim_jongil
recruit_character = DPK_kim_jongun
recruit_character = DPK_minwoong_jeong
recruit_character = DPK_beomsik_ryu
recruit_character = DPK_minwoong_choi
recruit_character = DPK_daeho_rim
recruit_character = DPK_gyusik_choi
