recruit_character = ECU_eloy_alfaro
recruit_character = ECU_ricardo_paredes_romero
recruit_character = ECU_jorge_luna
recruit_character = ECU_alberto_enríquez_gallo
recruit_character = ECU_leonidas_gutierrez
recruit_character = ECU_alfredo_baquerizo
recruit_character = ECU_federico_páez
recruit_character = ECU_juan_de_dios_martínez
recruit_character = ECU_leonardo_barreiro
recruit_character = ECU_césar_merizalde_pavón
recruit_character = ECU_edison_narváez_rosero
recruit_character = ECU_raúl_banderas_dueñas
recruit_character = ECU_william_orellana_carrera
recruit_character = ECU_roque_moreira
recruit_character = ECU_fabián_fuel
recruit_character = ECU_renán_ruíz_cornejo
recruit_character = ECU_amilcar_villavicencio
recruit_character = ECU_byron_jara_guerron
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_noboa_coronel
recruit_character = ECU_carlos_zumarraga_asanza
recruit_character = ECU_darwin_cisneros
recruit_character = ECU_fidel_erazo_jacome
recruit_character = ECU_francisco_bruque_veliz
recruit_character = ECU_galo_carrillo_moya
recruit_character = ECU_harold_salvador_cadena
recruit_character = ECU_jorge_echeverria_bucheli
recruit_character = ECU_marie_fares_cantos
recruit_character = ECU_galo_plaza
recruit_character = ECU_camilo_ponce_enríquez
recruit_character = ECU_jose_maria_velasco
recruit_character = ECU_jaime_roldos_aguilera
recruit_character = ECU_sixto_duran
recruit_character = ECU_jaime_hurtado
recruit_character = ECU_rodrigo_borja_cevallos
recruit_character = ECU_jamil_mahuad
recruit_character = ECU_rafael_correa
recruit_character = ECU_alvaro_noboa
recruit_character = ECU_lucio_gutierrez
recruit_character = ECU_guillermo_lasso
recruit_character = ECU_lenín_moreno
recruit_character = ECU_santiago_latorre
