recruit_character = EGY_abbas_ii
recruit_character = EGY_muhammad_naguib
recruit_character = EGY_salah_adli
recruit_character = EGY_gamal_abdel_nasser
recruit_character = EGY_hussein_kamel
recruit_character = EGY_fuad_i
recruit_character = EGY_farouk_muhammad_ali
recruit_character = EGY_mahmoud_hejazi
recruit_character = EGY_mohamed_tantawi
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_mohamed
recruit_character = EGY_sedki_sobhi
recruit_character = EGY_mohamed_samir
recruit_character = EGY_osama_aljamal
recruit_character = EGY_younes_elmasri
recruit_character = EGY_ahmed_hassan_saeed
recruit_character = EGY_mohamed_abdel_aziz
recruit_character = EGY_osama_elgendi
recruit_character = EGY_osama_rabaai
recruit_character = EGY_mohab_mamish
recruit_character = EGY_gfx/leaders/egy/farouk_muhammad_ali
recruit_character = EGY_anwar_sadat
recruit_character = EGY_hosni_mubarak
recruit_character = EGY_adbel_fattahelsisi
recruit_character = EGY_abdel_fattah_elsisi
recruit_character = EGY_abu_bakr_alhijazi
