recruit_character = EST_artur_sirk
recruit_character = EST_jaan_tonisson
recruit_character = EST_alexander_laak
recruit_character = EST_johannes_varesbarbarus
recruit_character = EST_konstantin_päts
recruit_character = EST_jaan_tõnisson
recruit_character = EST_hjalmar_mäe
recruit_character = EST_riho_terras
recruit_character = EST_indrek_sirel
recruit_character = EST_neeme_väli
recruit_character = EST_martin_herem
recruit_character = EST_veikovello_palm
recruit_character = EST_janno_märk
recruit_character = EST_arno_kruusmann
recruit_character = EST_arbo_probal
recruit_character = EST_priit_pikner
recruit_character = EST_sten_allik
recruit_character = EST_andré_lilleleht
recruit_character = EST_toomas_pindis
recruit_character = EST_eero_rebo
recruit_character = EST_roman_lukas
recruit_character = EST_riho_Ühtegi
recruit_character = EST_jaak_tarien
recruit_character = EST_meelis_kiili
recruit_character = EST_peeter_hoppe
recruit_character = EST_artur_tiganik
recruit_character = EST_aivar_kokka
recruit_character = EST_peeter_tali
recruit_character = EST_jüri_saska
recruit_character = EST_ain_pärna
recruit_character = EST_sten_sepper
recruit_character = EST_igor_schvede
recruit_character = EST_arnold_ruutel
recruit_character = EST_mart_laar
recruit_character = EST_edgar_savisaar
recruit_character = EST_mart_helme
recruit_character = EST_vaino_valjas
recruit_character = EST_estonia_toomas_hendrik_ilves
recruit_character = EST_taavi_roivas
recruit_character = EST_jüri_moora
