recruit_character = FIN_kaarlo_juho_stahlberg
recruit_character = FIN_kyösti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_aimo_aaltonen
recruit_character = FIN_vilho_annala
recruit_character = FIN_väinö_tanner
recruit_character = FIN_p._e._svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_pehr_evind_svinhufvud
recruit_character = FIN_kyosti_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_seppo_toivonen
recruit_character = FIN_jarmo_lindberg
recruit_character = FIN_petri_hulkko
recruit_character = FIN_pekka_järvi
recruit_character = FIN_ahti_kurvinen
recruit_character = FIN_antti_lehtisalo
recruit_character = FIN_vesa_virtanen
recruit_character = FIN_jari_kallio
recruit_character = FIN_artopekka_nurminen
recruit_character = FIN_ali_mättölä
recruit_character = FIN_ilkka_laitinen
recruit_character = FIN_kim_jäämeri
recruit_character = FIN_kyösti_halonen
recruit_character = FIN_eero_pyötsiä
recruit_character = FIN_timo_kivinen
recruit_character = FIN_markku_myllykangas
recruit_character = FIN_pasi_velimäki
recruit_character = FIN_timo_kakkola
recruit_character = FIN_sampo_eskelinen
recruit_character = FIN_harri_ohraaho
recruit_character = FIN_kjell_törner
recruit_character = FIN_esa_pulkkinen
recruit_character = FIN_juha_rannikko
recruit_character = FIN_kari_takanen
recruit_character = FIN_veijo_teipalus
recruit_character = FIN_erkki_mikkola
recruit_character = FIN_juha_vauhkonen
recruit_character = FIN_timo_hirvonen
recruit_character = FIN_j._k._paasikivi
recruit_character = FIN_arvo_aalto
recruit_character = FIN_pekka_siitoin
recruit_character = FIN_veikko_vennamo
recruit_character = FIN_urho_kekkonen
recruit_character = FIN_mauno_koivisto
recruit_character = FIN_martti_ahtisaari
recruit_character = FIN_esa_henrik_holappa
recruit_character = FIN_hannu_harju
recruit_character = FIN_timo_soini
recruit_character = FIN_tarja_halonen
recruit_character = FIN_juha_sipila
recruit_character = FIN_sauli_niinistö
recruit_character = FIN_johannes_lahti
