recruit_character = GRE_Pavlos_Kountouriotis
recruit_character = GRE_eleftherios_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_george_i
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_gounaris
recruit_character = GRE_markos_vafiadis
recruit_character = GRE_Ioannis_Metaxas
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_papandreou
recruit_character = GRE_alexander
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_demertzis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsaldaris
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kosmidis
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_zaimis
recruit_character = GRE_alkiviadis_stefanis
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_iliopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_floros
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_dimitrios_christopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_vasileios_tellidis
recruit_character = GRE_andreas_iliopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_oikonomou
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_manouris
recruit_character = GRE_dimokritos_zervakis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_vasiliadis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kambas
recruit_character = GRE_antonios_nomikos
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_bikos
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_manolakos
recruit_character = GRE_menelaos_meimaris
recruit_character = GRE_christos_christodolou
recruit_character = GRE_evangelos_apostolakis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_tsounis
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_pavlopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_diakopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_kafetsis
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_korakakis
recruit_character = GRE_efthymios_mikros
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_pelekanakis
recruit_character = GRE_stavros_banos
recruit_character = GRE_aristidis_alexopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_paul_i
recruit_character = GRE_ioannis_passalidis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_plevris
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_karamanlis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_papadopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_tsatsos
recruit_character = GRE_christos_sartzetakis
recruit_character = GRE_costas_simitis
recruit_character = GRE_aleka_papariga
recruit_character = GRE_constantine_ii
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_michaloliakos
recruit_character = GRE_karolos_papoulias
recruit_character = GRE_alexis_tsipras
recruit_character = GRE_katerina_sakellaropoulou
recruit_character = GRE_prokopis_pavlopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_ilias_spyromilios
