recruit_character = HOL_wilhelmina
recruit_character = HOL_anton_mussert
recruit_character = HOL_lou_de_visser
recruit_character = HOL_queen_willhelmina
recruit_character = HOL_dirk_jan_de_geer
recruit_character = HOL_tom_middendorp
recruit_character = HOL_leo_beulen
recruit_character = HOL_marc_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_rob_verkerk
recruit_character = HOL_matthieu_borsboom
recruit_character = HOL_peter_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_mark_van_uhm
recruit_character = HOL_dennis_luyt
recruit_character = HOL_richard_oppelaar
recruit_character = HOL_harry_van_den_brink
recruit_character = HOL_jan_broeks
recruit_character = HOL_rob_bertholee
recruit_character = HOL_leann_van_den_hoek
recruit_character = HOL_mart_de_kruif
recruit_character = HOL_hans_van_der_louw
recruit_character = HOL_ton_van_osch
recruit_character = HOL_richard_tieskens
recruit_character = HOL_martin_wijnen
recruit_character = HOL_jelte_groen
recruit_character = HOL_kees_matthijssen
recruit_character = HOL_gerard_koot
recruit_character = HOL_michiel_van_der_laan
recruit_character = HOL_ivo_de_jong
recruit_character = HOL_frank_van_sprang
recruit_character = HOL_nico_geerts
recruit_character = HOL_rob_bauer
recruit_character = HOL_ben_bekkering
recruit_character = HOL_hans_lodder
recruit_character = HOL_rob_kramer
recruit_character = HOL_willem_drees
recruit_character = HOL_joop_glimmerveen
recruit_character = HOL_juliana
recruit_character = HOL_marcus_bakker
recruit_character = HOL_jan_de_quay
recruit_character = HOL_piet_de_jong
recruit_character = HOL_dries_van_agt
recruit_character = HOL_beatrix
recruit_character = HOL_ruud_lubbers
recruit_character = HOL_wim_kok
recruit_character = HOL_alejandro_mello
recruit_character = HOL_constant_kusters
recruit_character = HOL_queen_beatrix
recruit_character = HOL_jan_peter_balkenende
recruit_character = HOL_mark_rutte
recruit_character = HOL_willemalexander
recruit_character = HOL_antonius_sandberg
