recruit_character = HUN_janos_kadar
recruit_character = HUN_miklós_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_miklós_horthy_WW1
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szálasi
recruit_character = HUN_mátyás_rákosi
recruit_character = HUN_Árpád_szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_huszar
recruit_character = HUN_tibor_benkő
recruit_character = HUN_albert_sáfár
recruit_character = HUN_attila_takács
recruit_character = HUN_gabor_horvath
recruit_character = HUN_tamás_fekete
recruit_character = HUN_józsef_szpisják
recruit_character = HUN_romulusz_ruszin
recruit_character = HUN_lászló_drót
recruit_character = HUN_józsef_kovács
recruit_character = HUN_jószef_horvath
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_fucsku
recruit_character = HUN_lászló_domján
recruit_character = HUN_jános_huszár
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_mihocza
recruit_character = HUN_lászló_gangler
recruit_character = HUN_józsef_antall
recruit_character = HUN_sándor_keresztes
recruit_character = HUN_vince_voros
recruit_character = HUN_miklos_nemeth
recruit_character = HUN_viktor_orbán
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_madl
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_thurmer
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_csurka
recruit_character = HUN_lászló_sólyom
recruit_character = HUN_jános_Áder
recruit_character = HUN_ottó_molnár
