recruit_character = IRQ_ghazi_i
recruit_character = IRQ_rashid_ali_algaylani
recruit_character = IRQ_yusuf_salman_yusuf
recruit_character = IRQ_faisal_ii
recruit_character = IRQ_faisal_i
recruit_character = IRQ_faud_masum
recruit_character = IRQ_izzat_ibrahim_aldouri
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_al_ghanimi
recruit_character = IRQ_babaker_zebari
recruit_character = IRQ_qassi_jassem_nazal
recruit_character = IRQ_abud_qanbar
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hassan_almajid
recruit_character = IRQ_mutaa_al_khazraji
recruit_character = IRQ_ahmed_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_othman_ali_farhood
recruit_character = IRQ_hamid_al_maliki
recruit_character = IRQ_abdel_wahal_al_saadi
recruit_character = IRQ_qassim_atta
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_ghaidan_majid
recruit_character = IRQ_fadhil_jalil_al_barwari
recruit_character = IRQ_nassir_al_hiti
recruit_character = IRQ_najm_abdullah_alsudani
recruit_character = IRQ_sultan_hashim
recruit_character = IRQ_sabah_al_fatlawi
recruit_character = IRQ_talib_shaghati
recruit_character = IRQ_saad_maan
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_hussain_ali
recruit_character = IRQ_ahmed_hassan_albakr
recruit_character = IRQ_saddam_hussein
recruit_character = IRQ_jalal_talabani
recruit_character = IRQ_salim_ibn_abu_bakr
