recruit_character = ISR_david_bengurion
recruit_character = ISR_shmuel_mikunis
recruit_character = ISR_haimmoshe_shapira
recruit_character = ISR_menachem_begin
recruit_character = ISR_gabi_ashkenazi
recruit_character = ISR_benjamin_gantz
recruit_character = ISR_gadi_eizenkot
recruit_character = ISR_dan_harel
recruit_character = ISR_dani_halutz
recruit_character = ISR_yoav_galant
recruit_character = ISR_doron_almog
recruit_character = ISR_shaul_mofaz
recruit_character = ISR_moshe_yaalon
recruit_character = ISR_amir_eshel
recruit_character = ISR_yair_golan
recruit_character = ISR_amikam_norkin
recruit_character = ISR_hagai_topolansky
recruit_character = ISR_kobi_barak
recruit_character = ISR_aviv_kochavi
recruit_character = ISR_yoel_strik
recruit_character = ISR_itzik_turgeman
recruit_character = ISR_ghassan_alian
recruit_character = ISR_nadav_lotan
recruit_character = ISR_nitzan_alon
recruit_character = ISR_dan_goldfus
recruit_character = ISR_guy_hazut
recruit_character = ISR_nimrod_aloni
recruit_character = ISR_amir_baram
recruit_character = ISR_david_zini
recruit_character = ISR_lior_karmeli
recruit_character = ISR_amir_abulafia
recruit_character = ISR_moti_almoz
recruit_character = ISR_tamir_yadai
recruit_character = ISR_muni_katz
recruit_character = ISR_nadav_padan
recruit_character = ISR_eyal_zamir
recruit_character = ISR_amos_hacohen
recruit_character = ISR_mickey_edelstein
recruit_character = ISR_roi_elkabetz
recruit_character = ISR_eli_pollack
recruit_character = ISR_yaacov_shahrbani
recruit_character = ISR_shahar_sochat
recruit_character = ISR_eli_sharvit
recruit_character = ISR_ram_rothberg
recruit_character = ISR_dror_friedman
recruit_character = ISR_chaim_weizmann
recruit_character = ISR_meir_vilner
recruit_character = ISR_yosef_burg
recruit_character = ISR_yitzhak_shamir
recruit_character = ISR_yitzhak_benzvi
recruit_character = ISR_golda_meir
recruit_character = ISR_yitzhak_navon
recruit_character = ISR_chaim_herzog
recruit_character = ISR_ezer_weizman
recruit_character = ISR_shimon_peres
recruit_character = ISR_benjamin_netanyahu
recruit_character = ISR_efraim_kaplan
