recruit_character = JAP_kyuichi_tokuda
recruit_character = JAP_tetsu_katayama
recruit_character = JAP_hideki_tojo
recruit_character = JAP_Yamagata_Aritomo
recruit_character = JAP_hirohito
recruit_character = JAP_mutsuhito
recruit_character = JAP_kotoku_shusuia
recruit_character = JAP_genichiro_fukuchi
recruit_character = JAP_yoshihito
recruit_character = JAP_naoe_kinoshita
recruit_character = JAP_saito_makoto
recruit_character = JAP_kiyofumi_iwata
recruit_character = JAP_toshiya_okabe
recruit_character = JAP_makiya_ota
recruit_character = JAP_kazuaki_sumida
recruit_character = JAP_takayuki_onozuka
recruit_character = JAP_jiro_hiroe
recruit_character = JAP_ichiro_kawasaki
recruit_character = JAP_masahiro_nagai
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_kobayashi
recruit_character = JAP_katsutoshi_kawano
recruit_character = JAP_tomohisa_takei
recruit_character = JAP_yoshihisa_inui
recruit_character = JAP_takashi_nishimura
recruit_character = JAP_keiji_akahoshi
recruit_character = JAP_shigeru_yoshida
recruit_character = JAP_douglas_macarthur
recruit_character = JAP_sanzō_nosaka
recruit_character = JAP_hiroya_ino
recruit_character = JAP_nobusuke_kishi
recruit_character = JAP_eisaku_soto
recruit_character = JAP_masayoshi_ohira
recruit_character = JAP_akihito
recruit_character = JAP_kazuo_shii
recruit_character = JAP_yamada_kazunari
recruit_character = JAP_toshiki_kaifu
recruit_character = JAP_keizō_obuchi
recruit_character = JAP_naruhito
recruit_character = JAP_yasuo_fukuda
recruit_character = JAP_shinzo_abe
recruit_character = JAP_gonnohyoe_makino
