recruit_character = LAT_karlis_ulmanis
recruit_character = LAT_gustavs_celmiņš
recruit_character = LAT_janis_cakste
recruit_character = LAT_jānis_kalnbērziņš
recruit_character = LAT_alberts_kviesis
recruit_character = LAT_leonīds_kalniņš
recruit_character = LAT_juris_zeibārts
recruit_character = LAT_ilmārs_atis_lejiņš
recruit_character = LAT_ainārs_ozoliņš
recruit_character = LAT_normunds_aleksis
recruit_character = LAT_jānis_gailis
recruit_character = LAT_viktors_kareckis
recruit_character = LAT_gvido_brenneris
recruit_character = LAT_brigita_gulbe
recruit_character = LAT_raivis_melnis
recruit_character = LAT_juris_ušackis
recruit_character = LAT_armands_saltups
recruit_character = LAT_mārtiņš_liberts
recruit_character = LAT_ingus_vizulis
recruit_character = LAT_kaspars_zelčs
recruit_character = LAT_hermanis_Černovs
recruit_character = LAT_augusts_kirhenšteins
recruit_character = LAT_gustavs_celmins
recruit_character = LAT_anatolijs_gorbunovs
recruit_character = LAT_andris_Šķēle
recruit_character = LAT_edgars_tavars
recruit_character = LAT_raivis_dzintars
recruit_character = LAT_vladimirs_frolovs
recruit_character = LAT_valdis_zatlers
recruit_character = LAT_raimonds_vejonis
recruit_character = LAT_egils_levits
recruit_character = LAT_elmars_betins
