recruit_character = LEB_hashim_alatassi
recruit_character = LEB_pierre_gemayel
recruit_character = LEB_melick_yarad
recruit_character = LEB_rami_sarraff
recruit_character = LEB_jean_kahwaji
recruit_character = LEB_joseph_aoun
recruit_character = LEB_fadi_abu_chakra
recruit_character = LEB_ramzi_abu_hamza
recruit_character = LEB_shawki_al_masri
recruit_character = LEB_hatem_mallak
recruit_character = LEB_walid_salman
recruit_character = LEB_majed_alwan
recruit_character = LEB_bechara_el_khoury
recruit_character = LEB_fuad_chehab
recruit_character = LEB_rashid_karami
recruit_character = LEB_elias_sarkis
recruit_character = LEB_elias_hrawi
recruit_character = LEB_selim_hoss
recruit_character = LEB_hanna_gharib
recruit_character = LEB_samir_kassir
recruit_character = LEB_walid_jumblatt
recruit_character = LEB_fouad_siniora
recruit_character = LEB_tammam_salam
recruit_character = LEB_michel_aoun
recruit_character = LEB_ibrahim_alnajdi
