recruit_character = LIT_Antanas_Smetona
recruit_character = LIT_Stasys_Silingas
recruit_character = LIT_augustinas_voldemaras
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_snieckus
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_vytautas_Žukas
recruit_character = LIT_arvydas_pocius
recruit_character = LIT_vitalijus_vaikšnoras
recruit_character = LIT_dainius_snarskis
recruit_character = LIT_valdemaras_rupšys
recruit_character = LIT_dalius_polekauskas
recruit_character = LIT_osvaldas_Žurauskas
recruit_character = LIT_vilmantas_tamošaitis
recruit_character = LIT_mindaugas_steponavičius
recruit_character = LIT_alvydas_Šiuparis
recruit_character = LIT_aušrius_buikus
recruit_character = LIT_tomas_masaitis
recruit_character = LIT_arturas_jasinskas
recruit_character = LIT_linas_kubilius
recruit_character = LIT_darius_masiulis
recruit_character = LIT_gintaras_bagdonas
recruit_character = LIT_ramūnas_baronas
recruit_character = LIT_danas_mockūnas
recruit_character = LIT_andriejus_grachauskas
recruit_character = LIT_gytis_kazokas
recruit_character = LIT_devis_martusevičius
recruit_character = LIT_nerijus_kačkaukas
recruit_character = LIT_audronis_navickas
recruit_character = LIT_alvydas_tamošiūnas
recruit_character = LIT_ovidijus_pilitauskas
recruit_character = LIT_arūnas_mockus
recruit_character = LIT_svajūnas_bandzevičius
recruit_character = LIT_algirdas_mykolas_brazauskas
recruit_character = LIT_vytautas_landsbergis
recruit_character = LIT_dalia_grybauskaite
recruit_character = LIT_giedrius_petruzis
recruit_character = LIT_mindaugas_gervaldas
recruit_character = LIT_romualdas_ozolas
recruit_character = LIT_valdas_adamkus
recruit_character = LIT_gitanas_nausėda
recruit_character = LIT_darius_petrauskas
