recruit_character = LUX_joseph_bech
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_dupong
recruit_character = LUX_william_iv
recruit_character = LUX_adolphe
recruit_character = LUX_damian_kratzenberg
recruit_character = LUX_charles_marx
recruit_character = LUX_grand_duchess_charlotte
recruit_character = LUX_romain_mancinelli
recruit_character = LUX_gaston_reisig
recruit_character = LUX_mario_daubenfeld
recruit_character = LUX_alain_duchène
recruit_character = LUX_marc_assel
recruit_character = LUX_yves_kalmes
recruit_character = LUX_claude_schmitz
recruit_character = LUX_dominique_urbany
recruit_character = LUX_jean
recruit_character = LUX_pierre_werner
recruit_character = LUX_jacques_santer
recruit_character = LUX_grand_duke_jean
recruit_character = LUX_jeanclaude_juncker
recruit_character = LUX_ali_ruckert
recruit_character = LUX_henri
recruit_character = LUX_henri_grand_duke_of_luxembourg
recruit_character = LUX_xavier_bettel
recruit_character = LUX_léonard_joos
