recruit_character = MAD_philibert_tsiranana
recruit_character = MAD_didier_ratsiraka
recruit_character = MAD_hery_rajaonarimampianina
recruit_character = MAD_marc_ravalomanana
recruit_character = MAD_rahajason_voavy
recruit_character = MAD_frank_rakotomanana
recruit_character = MAD_azaly_rabemahafaly
recruit_character = MAD_marcel_zafimahova
recruit_character = MAD_
recruit_character = MAD_stc
recruit_character = MAD_ai2
recruit_character = MAD_aco2
recruit_character = MAD_ncs
recruit_character = MAD_coi
recruit_character = MAD_acgs
recruit_character = MAD_acas
recruit_character = MAD_pot
recruit_character = MAD_nccr
recruit_character = MAD_mt
recruit_character = MAD_acd2
recruit_character = MAD_communist_guy
recruit_character = MAD_acr
recruit_character = MAD_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MAD_aa2
recruit_character = MAD_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MAD_ncm
recruit_character = MAD_nt
recruit_character = MAD_awt
recruit_character = MAD_ar
