recruit_character = MEX_salvador_abascal
recruit_character = MEX_adolfo_de_la_huerta
recruit_character = MEX_dionisio_encina
recruit_character = MEX_lázaro_cárdenas
recruit_character = MEX_abelardo_l._rodríguez
recruit_character = MEX_porfirio_diaz
recruit_character = MEX_emiliano_zapata
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_madero
recruit_character = MEX_gustavo_saenz
recruit_character = MEX_venustiano_carranza
recruit_character = MEX_alvaro_obregon
recruit_character = MEX_hernán_laborde
recruit_character = MEX_carlos_a._r._munguia
recruit_character = MEX_daniel_velasco_ramirez
recruit_character = MEX_enrique_cervantes_aguirre
recruit_character = MEX_gerardo_clemente_vega_garcia
recruit_character = MEX_gilberto_hernandez_andreu
recruit_character = MEX_guillermo_galvan
recruit_character = MEX_juan_rios_cantu
recruit_character = MEX_roble_arturo_granados_gallardo
recruit_character = MEX_salvador_cienfuegos_zepeda
recruit_character = MEX_tomas_angeles_dauahare
recruit_character = MEX_jose_ramon_lorenzo
recruit_character = MEX_marco_antonio_peyrot_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_mariano_francisco_saynez_mendoza
recruit_character = MEX_vidal_francisco_soberon_sanz
recruit_character = MEX_miguel_aleman_valdes
recruit_character = MEX_adolfo_lopez_mateos
recruit_character = MEX_gustavo_diaz_ordaz
recruit_character = MEX_arnoldo_martínez_verdugo
recruit_character = MEX_luis_echevarria
recruit_character = MEX_josé_lópez_portillo
recruit_character = MEX_carlos_salinas_de_gortari
recruit_character = MEX_ernesto_zedillo
recruit_character = MEX_pavel_blanco_cabrera
recruit_character = MEX_vicente_fox
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_emilio_madero
recruit_character = MEX_felipe_calderón
recruit_character = MEX_enrique_peña_nieto
recruit_character = MEX_andres_manuel_lopez_obrador
recruit_character = MEX_ricardo_anaya
recruit_character = MEX_juan_carlos_lopez_lee
recruit_character = MEX_anastasio_ruíz
recruit_character = MEX_jose_vasconcelos
recruit_character = MEX_antonio_cardenas_rodriguez
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_garza_siller
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_jose_gonzalo_escobar
recruit_character = MEX_gilberto_lemon
recruit_character = MEX_luis_montes_de_oca
recruit_character = MEX_vicente_lombardo
recruit_character = MEX_agustin_olachea
recruit_character = MEX_leon_trotsky
recruit_character = MEX_heriberto_corona
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_perez_trevino
recruit_character = MEX_luis_farell
recruit_character = MEX_bartolome_garcia_correa
recruit_character = MEX_aaron_saenz
recruit_character = MEX_saturnino_cedillo
recruit_character = MEX_hector_meixueiro
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_avila
recruit_character = MEX_matias_santos_ramos
recruit_character = MEX_enrique_estrada
recruit_character = MEX_alberto_pani
recruit_character = MEX_othon_blanco
