recruit_character = NZL_michael_joseph_savage
recruit_character = NZL_sidney_holland
recruit_character = NZL_john_ormond
recruit_character = NZL_elsie_farrelly
recruit_character = NZL_peter_fraser
recruit_character = NZL_walter_nash
recruit_character = NZL_richard_seddon
recruit_character = NZL_william_massey
recruit_character = NZL_george_william_forbes
recruit_character = NZL_kevin_short
recruit_character = NZL_clive_douglas
recruit_character = NZL_michael_shapland
recruit_character = NZL_richard_rhys_jones
recruit_character = NZL_peter_kelly
recruit_character = NZL_christopher_parsons
recruit_character = NZL_christopher_faulls
recruit_character = NZL_tony_davies
recruit_character = NZL_tim_gall
recruit_character = NZL_danny_broughton
recruit_character = NZL_john_martin
recruit_character = NZL_wayne_dyke
recruit_character = NZL_david_gibbs
recruit_character = NZL_jim_gilmour
recruit_character = NZL_keith_holyoake
recruit_character = NZL_robert_muldoon
recruit_character = NZL_geoffrey_palmer
recruit_character = NZL_helen_clark
recruit_character = NZL_john_key
recruit_character = NZL_shane_anderson
