recruit_character = PAK_liaquat_ali_khan
recruit_character = PAK_qazi_muhammad_essa
recruit_character = PAK_haji_mohammad_danesh
recruit_character = PAK_muhammed_ziaulhaq
recruit_character = PAK_pervez_musharraf
recruit_character = PAK_ashfaq_parvez_kayani
recruit_character = PAK_zubair_mahmood_hayat
recruit_character = PAK_qamar_javed_bajwa
recruit_character = PAK_azhar_saleh_abbasi
recruit_character = PAK_raheel_sharif
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_aziz_khan
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zafar_iqbal
recruit_character = PAK_ishfaq_nadeem_ahmad
recruit_character = PAK_sadiq_ali
recruit_character = PAK_ikram_ul_haq
recruit_character = PAK_zaheerulislam
recruit_character = PAK_shahid_baig_mirza
recruit_character = PAK_naveed_mukhtar
recruit_character = PAK_sher_afgun
recruit_character = PAK_athar_abbas
recruit_character = PAK_nazir_ahmed_butt
recruit_character = PAK_hidayat_ur_rehman
recruit_character = PAK_nauman_mahmood
recruit_character = PAK_aamer_riaz
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zahid_latif_mirza
recruit_character = PAK_khalid_rabbani
recruit_character = PAK_mian_muhammad_hilal_hussein
recruit_character = PAK_sohail_aman
recruit_character = PAK_umar_farooq_burki
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_zakaullah
recruit_character = PAK_hasham_siddique
recruit_character = PAK_zafar_mahmood_abbasi
recruit_character = PAK_shah_sohail_masood
recruit_character = PAK_khaleem_shaukat
recruit_character = PAK_sajid_wazir_khan
recruit_character = PAK_mukhtar_khan
recruit_character = PAK_moazzam_ilyas
recruit_character = PAK_muhammad_amjad_khan_niazi
recruit_character = PAK_muhammed_ayub_khan
recruit_character = PAK_yahya_khan
recruit_character = PAK_ghulam_ishaq_khan
recruit_character = PAK_mamnoon_hussain
recruit_character = PAK_arif_alvi
