recruit_character = PAR_emilio_aceval
recruit_character = PAR_rafael_franco
recruit_character = PAR_josé_félix_estigarribia
recruit_character = PAR_alfredo_stroessner
recruit_character = PAR_emiliano_gonzález_navero
recruit_character = PAR_juan_natalicio_gonzalez
recruit_character = PAR_juan_manuel_frutos
recruit_character = PAR_jose_pedro_montero
recruit_character = PAR_eusebio_ayala
recruit_character = PAR_braulio_piris_rojas
recruit_character = PAR_bernardino_soto_estigarribia
recruit_character = PAR_juan_josé_casaccia_furiasse
recruit_character = PAR_eladio_gonzalez_aguilar
recruit_character = PAR_fidel_duranona
recruit_character = PAR_josé_maria_duarte
recruit_character = PAR_hugo_milciades_scolari_pagliaro
recruit_character = PAR_paulo_maria_gomez_benitez
recruit_character = PAR_andres_rodriguez
recruit_character = PAR_luis_Ángel_gonzález_macchi
recruit_character = PAR_lenin_amado
recruit_character = PAR_lino_oviedo
recruit_character = PAR_fernando_lugo_mendez
recruit_character = PAR_horacio_cartes
recruit_character = PAR_mario_abdo_benítez
recruit_character = PAR_juan_antonio_salaverry
