recruit_character = PER_iraj_eskandari
recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_shah_qajar
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_ali_shah_qajar
recruit_character = PER_mozaffar_ad_din_shah_qajar
recruit_character = PER_ayatollah_ruhollah_khomeini
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_mosaddegh
recruit_character = PER_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_bagheri
recruit_character = PER_ataollah_salehi
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_ali_jafari
recruit_character = PER_hossein_ashtari
recruit_character = PER_yahya_rahim_safavi
recruit_character = PER_abdolrahim_mousavi
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_reza_pourdastan
recruit_character = PER_hasan_shasafi
recruit_character = PER_farzad_esmaili
recruit_character = PER_hossein_salami
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_pakpour
recruit_character = PER_amir_ali_hajizadeh
recruit_character = PER_qasem_soleimani
recruit_character = PER_kioumars_heydari
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_hejazi
recruit_character = PER_gholamhossein_gheybparvar
recruit_character = PER_habibollah_sayyari
recruit_character = PER_ali_fadavi
recruit_character = PER_ali_shamkani
recruit_character = PER_mohammad_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_ayatollah_ali_khamenei
recruit_character = PER_ali_khamenei
recruit_character = PER_mahmoud_ahmadinejad
