recruit_character = PHI_emilio_aguinaldo
recruit_character = PHI_jose_maria_sison
recruit_character = PHI_enrique_zóbel_de_ayala
recruit_character = PHI_william_cameron_forbes
recruit_character = PHI_manuel_luis_quezón
recruit_character = PHI_eduardo_ano
recruit_character = PHI_mayoralgo_dela_cruz
recruit_character = PHI_rey_guerrero
recruit_character = PHI_ricardo_visaya
recruit_character = PHI_romeo_gan
recruit_character = PHI_romeo_tanalgo
recruit_character = PHI_caeser_taccad
recruit_character = PHI_jesus_millan
recruit_character = PHI_elpidio_r._quirino
recruit_character = PHI_carlos_p._garcia
recruit_character = PHI_ferdinand_marcos
recruit_character = PHI_corazon_aquino
recruit_character = PHI_joseph_estrada
recruit_character = PHI_rodrigo_duterte
recruit_character = PHI_glori_macapagal_arroyo
recruit_character = PHI_ladislao_arellano
