recruit_character = POL_władysław_sikorski
recruit_character = POL_jozef_pilsudski
recruit_character = POL_władysław_gomułka
recruit_character = POL_stanislaw_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POL_bolesław_piasecki
recruit_character = POL_ignacy_mościcki
recruit_character = POL_wincenty_witos
recruit_character = POL_marek_tomaszycki
recruit_character = POL_czeslaw_piatas
recruit_character = POL_franciszek_gagor
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_bieniek
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_gocul
recruit_character = POL_bronislaw_kwiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_mieczyslaw_cieniuch
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_korweta
recruit_character = POL_roman_krzyżelewski
recruit_character = POL_tomasz_mathera
recruit_character = POL_leszek_surawski
recruit_character = POL_zbigniew_głowienka
recruit_character = POL_michał_sikora
recruit_character = POL_jarosław_mika
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_czosnek
recruit_character = POL_rajmund_andrzejczak
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_malinowski
recruit_character = POL_marek_sokołowski
recruit_character = POL_grzegorz_hałupka
recruit_character = POL_ryszard_pietras
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_kaczyński
recruit_character = POL_dariusz_Żuchowski
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_mąkosa
recruit_character = POL_szymon_lepiarz
recruit_character = POL_marek_golan
recruit_character = POL_marcin_maj
recruit_character = POL_jacek_kwiatkowski
recruit_character = POL_bogdan_kula
recruit_character = POL_lech_majewski
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_kałuziński
recruit_character = POL_sławomir_wojciechowski
recruit_character = POL_piotr_patalong
recruit_character = POL_jerzy_gut
recruit_character = POL_wiesław_kukuła
recruit_character = POL_michał_strzelecki
recruit_character = POL_ryszard_demczuk
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_teryfter
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_jaworski
recruit_character = POL_stanisław_zarychta
recruit_character = POL_krzysztof_zdonek
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_drybczewski
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_bierut
recruit_character = POL_lech_walesa
recruit_character = POL_leszek_moczulski
recruit_character = POL_tadeusz_witold_młyńczak
recruit_character = POL_wêadysêaw_gomuêka
recruit_character = POL_henryk_jablonski
recruit_character = POL_wojciech_jaruzelski
recruit_character = POL_aleksander_kwaśniewski
recruit_character = POL_boleslaw_tejkowski
recruit_character = POL_witold_balazak
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_lepper
recruit_character = POL_lech_kaczyński
recruit_character = POL_andrzej_duda
recruit_character = POL_leszek_wiśniewski
