recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_li_jishen
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_lan
recruit_character = PRC_chen_bingde
recruit_character = PRC_liu_zuocheng
recruit_character = PRC_guo_boxiong
recruit_character = PRC_cao_gangchuan
recruit_character = PRC_liang_guanglie
recruit_character = PRC_gao_xiaoyan
recruit_character = PRC_xu_caihou
recruit_character = PRC_chang_wanquan
recruit_character = PRC_fang_fenghui
recruit_character = PRC_li_xianyu
recruit_character = PRC_fan_changlong
recruit_character = PRC_wei_fenghe
recruit_character = PRC_wang_ning
recruit_character = PRC_liu_yuejun
recruit_character = PRC_qu_jiangguo
recruit_character = PRC_wang_jiaocheng
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_shibo
recruit_character = PRC_zhao_zongqi
recruit_character = PRC_sun_jianguo
recruit_character = PRC_wu_shengli
recruit_character = PRC_yao_zhilou
recruit_character = PRC_yuan_yubai
recruit_character = PRC_wang_kunlun
recruit_character = PRC_shi_liang
recruit_character = PRC_gang_of_four
recruit_character = PRC_jiang_zemin
recruit_character = PRC_hu_jintao
recruit_character = PRC_xi_jinping
recruit_character = PRC_xie_wei
recruit_character = PRC_mao_dong
