recruit_character = PRU_eduardo_lópez_de_romaña
recruit_character = PRU_jose_pardo_y_barreda
recruit_character = PRU_Óscar_benavides
recruit_character = PRU_victor_raul_haya_de_la_torre
recruit_character = PRU_augusto_b._leguia
recruit_character = PRU_jorge_del_prado_chávez
recruit_character = PRU_hugo_pesce_pescetto
recruit_character = PRU_eudocio_ravines_pérez
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_prado_ugarteche
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_arturo_odría
recruit_character = PRU_victor_carrera
recruit_character = PRU_cesar_salcedo
recruit_character = PRU_leonel_cabrera_pino
recruit_character = PRU_cesar_augusto_astudillo_salcedo
recruit_character = PRU_dante_antonio_arevalo_abate
recruit_character = PRU_javier_ramirez_guillen
recruit_character = PRU_julio_valdez_pomareda
recruit_character = PRU_augusto_javier_villarroel_rossi
recruit_character = PRU_luis_ramos_hume
recruit_character = PRU_victor_abraham_najar_carrera
recruit_character = PRU_carlos_tijeda
recruit_character = PRU_luis_paredes_lora
recruit_character = PRU_victor_emanuel_pomar_calderon
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_odria
recruit_character = PRU_jose_luis_bustamante_y_rivero
recruit_character = PRU_fernando_belaunde_terry
recruit_character = PRU_juan_velasco_alvarado
recruit_character = PRU_francisco_morales_bermudez
recruit_character = PRU_luis_bedoya_reyes
recruit_character = PRU_alan_garcia_perez
recruit_character = PRU_mario_vargas_llosa
recruit_character = PRU_alberto_fujimori
recruit_character = PRU_javier_perez_de_cuellar
recruit_character = PRU_vladimiro_montesinos
recruit_character = PRU_alejandro_toledo_manrique
recruit_character = PRU_ollanta_humala_tasso
recruit_character = PRU_alan_garcía
recruit_character = PRU_keiko_fujimori
recruit_character = PRU_alfredo_barnechea
recruit_character = PRU_pedro_pablo_kuczynski
recruit_character = PRU_hernando_de_soto
recruit_character = PRU_rafael_lopez_aliaga
recruit_character = PRU_pedro_castillo
recruit_character = PRU_martín_vizcarra
recruit_character = PRU_francisco_sagasti
recruit_character = PRU_manuel_merino
recruit_character = PRU_narciso_grau
