recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_tatarescu
recruit_character = ROM_constantin_ion_parhon
recruit_character = ROM_armand_calinescu
recruit_character = ROM_octavian_goga
recruit_character = ROM_ion_antonescu
recruit_character = ROM_Emil_Constantinescu
recruit_character = ROM_Carol_I
recruit_character = ROM_Ferdinand_I
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_iorga
recruit_character = ROM_horia_sima
recruit_character = ROM_petre_carp
recruit_character = ROM_dimitrie_marinescu
recruit_character = ROM_carol_ii
recruit_character = ROM_scarlat_dmitru
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_ciuca
recruit_character = ROM_botea_marian
recruit_character = ROM_petricalucian_foca
recruit_character = ROM_eugen_badalan
recruit_character = ROM_ioan_manci
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_marin
recruit_character = ROM_alexandru_mirsu
recruit_character = ROM_mirceadan_Şuta
recruit_character = ROM_florinel_damian
recruit_character = ROM_tudorică_petrache
recruit_character = ROM_adrian_soci
recruit_character = ROM_virgilovidiu_pop
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_tonu
recruit_character = ROM_ovidiu_ufaleanu
recruit_character = ROM_laurian_anastasof
recruit_character = ROM_daniel_capatina
recruit_character = ROM_valentin_iacoblev
recruit_character = ROM_bogdan_dumitrescu
recruit_character = ROM_auraşliviu_coman
recruit_character = ROM_marius_bogdan_mitric
recruit_character = ROM_vasile_savulescu
recruit_character = ROM_cornel_rogozan
recruit_character = ROM_valeriu_simionov
recruit_character = ROM_aurelian_popoiu
recruit_character = ROM_gheorghe_gheorgiudej
recruit_character = ROM_ion_iliescu
recruit_character = ROM_michael_i
recruit_character = ROM_nicolae_ceausescu
recruit_character = ROM_adrian_paunescu
recruit_character = ROM_tudor_ionescu
recruit_character = ROM_traian_băsescu
recruit_character = ROM_klaus_iohannis
recruit_character = ROM_iulian_critescu
