recruit_character = RUS_boris_yeltsin
recruit_character = RUS_andrey_savelyev
recruit_character = RUS_gennady_zyuganov
recruit_character = RUS_alexander_rutskoy
recruit_character = RUS_igor_sergeyev
recruit_character = RUS_valery_gerasimov
recruit_character = RUS_oleg_salyukov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_dvornikov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_chayko
recruit_character = RUS_andrey_serdyukov
recruit_character = RUS_vadim_pankov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_shamanov
recruit_character = RUS_viktor_bondarev
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_golovko
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_karakaev
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_kolpachenko
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_fomin
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_popov
recruit_character = RUS_dmitry_bulgakov
recruit_character = RUS_igor_jewgenjewitsch_konaschenkow
recruit_character = RUS_yuryi_sadovenko
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_shoygu
recruit_character = RUS_igor_sergun
recruit_character = RUS_anatoly_antonov
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_grachev
recruit_character = RUS_andrey_kartapolov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_zarudnitsky
recruit_character = RUS_sergei_surovikin
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_bakin
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_ivanovich_korolev
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_nosatov
recruit_character = RUS_nikolay_anatolyevich_evmenov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_vitko
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_pinchuk
recruit_character = RUS_viktor_chirkov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_vysotskiy
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_putin
recruit_character = RUS_grigory_yavlinski
recruit_character = RUS_igor_zavoyko
