recruit_character = SAF_moses_kotane
recruit_character = SAF_jan_smuts
recruit_character = SAF_louis_weichardt
recruit_character = SAF_louis_botha
recruit_character = SAF_d._f._malan
recruit_character = SAF_j._b._m._hertzog
recruit_character = SAF_lindile_yam
recruit_character = SAF_gerhard_kamffer
recruit_character = SAF_godfrey_ngwenya
recruit_character = SAF_solly_shoke
recruit_character = SAF_lawrence_smith
recruit_character = SAF_andre_retief
recruit_character = SAF_willis_nkosi
recruit_character = SAF_rudzani_maphwanya
recruit_character = SAF_samuel_hlongwane
recruit_character = SAF_bubele_mhlana
recruit_character = SAF_hanno_teuteberg
recruit_character = SAF_j._g._strijdom
recruit_character = SAF_nelson_mandela
recruit_character = SAF_hendrik_verwoerd
recruit_character = SAF_jim_fouche
recruit_character = SAF_p._w._botha
recruit_character = SAF_f._w._de_klerk
recruit_character = SAF_thabo_mbeki
recruit_character = SAF_cyril_ramaphosa
recruit_character = SAF_siyabalonga_nkosi
