recruit_character = SLO_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_mikuláš_dzurinda
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_hrdlička
recruit_character = SLO_pavol_hrušovsky
recruit_character = SLO_milan_maxim
recruit_character = SLO_pavel_macko
recruit_character = SLO_ondřej_novosad
recruit_character = SLO_jindřich_joch
recruit_character = SLO_juraj_krištofovič
recruit_character = SLO_ivan_balog
recruit_character = SLO_jan_dreveniak
recruit_character = SLO_miroslav_kocian
recruit_character = SLO_jan_bujnak
recruit_character = SLO_jan_parimucha
recruit_character = SLO_martin_stoklasa
recruit_character = SLO_miroslav_korba
recruit_character = SLO_marián_kotleba
recruit_character = SLO_ivan_gasparovic
recruit_character = SLO_robert_fico
recruit_character = SLO_zuzana_Čaputová
recruit_character = SLO_vojtech_nemec
