recruit_character = SPR_francisco_largo_caballero
recruit_character = SPR_alfonso_xiii
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_primo_de_rivera
recruit_character = SPR_niceto_alcalázamora
recruit_character = SPR_manuel_azaña_diaz
recruit_character = SPR_juan_iii
recruit_character = SPR_jaime_domínguez_buj
recruit_character = SPR_josé_julio_rodríguez_fernández
recruit_character = SPR_alfredo_ramirez
recruit_character = SPR_bernardo_alvarez
recruit_character = SPR_fernando_gutierrez
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_alcañiz
recruit_character = SPR_pedro_pitarch
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_camarero
recruit_character = SPR_jaime_muñoz
recruit_character = SPR_jose_antonio_ruesta
recruit_character = SPR_juan_de_borbon_y_battenberg
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_carrillo
recruit_character = SPR_adolfo_suarez
recruit_character = SPR_juan_carlos_i
recruit_character = SPR_adolfo_suarez_gonzalez
recruit_character = SPR_felipe_gonzalez
recruit_character = SPR_josé_maría_aznar
recruit_character = SPR_carmelo_suárez
recruit_character = SPR_pedro_pablo_peña
recruit_character = SPR_josé_luis_rodríguez_zapatero
recruit_character = SPR_
recruit_character = SPR_mariano_rajoy
recruit_character = SPR_vicente_bugallal
