recruit_character = SWE_Gustav_V
recruit_character = SWE_oscar_ii
recruit_character = SWE_sven_olov_lindholm
recruit_character = SWE_sven_linderot
recruit_character = SWE_tage_erlander
recruit_character = SWE_per_albin_hansson
recruit_character = SWE_gustaf_v
recruit_character = SWE_karl_engelbrektson
recruit_character = SWE_micael_bydén
recruit_character = SWE_anders_brännström
recruit_character = SWE_berndt_grundevik
recruit_character = SWE_anders_silwer
recruit_character = SWE_christer_tistam
recruit_character = SWE_michael_nilsson
recruit_character = SWE_mikael_frisell
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_ahlgren
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_teddy_larsson
recruit_character = SWE_roland_ekenberg
recruit_character = SWE_peder_ohlsson
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_stahlberg
recruit_character = SWE_jan_demarkesse
recruit_character = SWE_johan_pekkari
recruit_character = SWE_mats_helgeson
recruit_character = SWE_anders_svensson
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_alexandersson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_magnus_r._svensson
recruit_character = SWE_dag_lidén
recruit_character = SWE_dennis_gyllensporre
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_lotsne
recruit_character = SWE_lars_karlsson
recruit_character = SWE_mathias_holmqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mattias_hanson
recruit_character = SWE_michael_ginér
recruit_character = SWE_nils_johansson
recruit_character = SWE_patrik_hjorth
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_fredriksson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_pettersson
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_sandborg
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_smedman
recruit_character = SWE_bengt_lundgren
recruit_character = SWE_eva_skoog_haslum
recruit_character = SWE_jonas_hagren
recruit_character = SWE_lena_hallin
recruit_character = SWE_jens_nykvist
recruit_character = SWE_erik_andersson
recruit_character = SWE_jan_thörnqvist
recruit_character = SWE_mats_agnéus
recruit_character = SWE_anders_olovsson
recruit_character = SWE_frank_baude
recruit_character = SWE_göran_assar_oredsson
recruit_character = SWE_gustav_vi_adolf
recruit_character = SWE_olof_palme
recruit_character = SWE_thorbjorn_falldin
recruit_character = SWE_ingvar_carlsson
recruit_character = SWE_göran_persson
recruit_character = SWE_abdirizak_waberi
recruit_character = SWE_anders_carlsson
recruit_character = SWE_carl_xvi
recruit_character = SWE_daniel_höglund
recruit_character = SWE_carl_xvi_gustaf_king_of_sweden
recruit_character = SWE_fredrik_reinfeld
recruit_character = SWE_stefan_lofven
recruit_character = SWE_carl_xvi_gustaf
