recruit_character = SYR_hashim_alatassi
recruit_character = SYR_antun_saadeh
recruit_character = SYR_ghazi_bin_faisal
recruit_character = SYR_khalid_bakdash
recruit_character = SYR_bashar_al_assad
recruit_character = SYR_fahd_jassem_al_frej
recruit_character = SYR_dawoud_rajha
recruit_character = SYR_ali_abdullah_ayyoub
recruit_character = SYR_hawash_mohammed
recruit_character = SYR_maher_al_assad
recruit_character = SYR_issam_zahreddine
recruit_character = SYR_suheil_salman_al_hassan
recruit_character = SYR_abdel_fatah_qudsiyeh
recruit_character = SYR_hassan_daaboul
recruit_character = SYR_hussein_isaac
recruit_character = SYR_jameh_jameh
recruit_character = SYR_rustum_ghazaleh
recruit_character = SYR_hassan_turkmani
recruit_character = SYR_shukri_alquwatli
recruit_character = SYR_nureddin_alatassi
recruit_character = SYR_hafez_alassad
recruit_character = SYR_bashar_alassad
recruit_character = SYR_tawfiq_ibn_mustafa
