recruit_character = TUR_mustafa_kemal_atatürk
recruit_character = TUR_Şefik_hüsnü
recruit_character = TUR_celâl_bayar
recruit_character = TUR_recep_peker
recruit_character = TUR_hüseyin_kıvrıkoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_hilmi_Özkök
recruit_character = TUR_Çetin_doğan
recruit_character = TUR_tuncer_kılınç
recruit_character = TUR_tamer_akbaş
recruit_character = TUR_edip_başer
recruit_character = TUR_rasim_betir
recruit_character = TUR_attila_ateş
recruit_character = TUR_orhan_yöney
recruit_character = TUR_nahit_Şenoğul
recruit_character = TUR_işık_koşaner
recruit_character = TUR_aytaç_yalman
recruit_character = TUR_Şükrü_sarıışık
recruit_character = TUR_köksal_karabay
recruit_character = TUR_İlker_başbuğ
recruit_character = TUR_hurşit_tolon
recruit_character = TUR_necdet_timur
recruit_character = TUR_yaşar_büyükanıt
recruit_character = TUR_Şener_eruygur
recruit_character = TUR_hasan_peker_günal
recruit_character = TUR_ilhami_erdil
recruit_character = TUR_bülent_alpkaya
recruit_character = TUR_yener_karahanoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_Özden_Örnek
recruit_character = TUR_yalçın_ertuna
recruit_character = TUR_osman_metin_açımuz
recruit_character = TUR_taner_balkış
recruit_character = TUR_alev_gümüşoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_otuzbiroğlu
recruit_character = TUR_taner_uzunay
recruit_character = TUR_uğur_yiğit
recruit_character = TUR_lütfü_sancar
recruit_character = TUR_hulusi_akar
recruit_character = TUR_salih_zeki_Çolak
recruit_character = TUR_musa_avsever
recruit_character = TUR_yıldırım_güvenç
recruit_character = TUR_ismail_serdar_savaş
recruit_character = TUR_ismail_metin_temel
recruit_character = TUR_abdullah_recep
recruit_character = TUR_galip_mendi
recruit_character = TUR_ihsan_uyar
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_göktan
recruit_character = TUR_hakan_atınç
recruit_character = TUR_izzet_Çetingöz
recruit_character = TUR_Şenol_alparslan
recruit_character = TUR_erdal_Öztürk
recruit_character = TUR_ilyas_bozkurt
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_faruk_Şengün
recruit_character = TUR_ali_sivri
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_daysal
recruit_character = TUR_kemal_başak
recruit_character = TUR_yılmaz_uyar
recruit_character = TUR_levent_ergün
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_Özoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_levent_köse
recruit_character = TUR_Özgur_nuhut
recruit_character = TUR_Ömer_paç
recruit_character = TUR_murat_yetgin
recruit_character = TUR_zekai_aksakallı
recruit_character = TUR_abidin_Ünal
recruit_character = TUR_akın_Öztürk
recruit_character = TUR_mehmet_Şanver
recruit_character = TUR_gürsel_Çaypınar
recruit_character = TUR_bülent_bostanoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_adnan_Özbal
recruit_character = TUR_veysel_kösele
recruit_character = TUR_hasan_Şükrü_korlu
recruit_character = TUR_hasan_uşaklıoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_ali_Çekiç
recruit_character = TUR_ercüment_tatlıoğlu
recruit_character = TUR_ismet_inönü
recruit_character = TUR_cemal_gursel
recruit_character = TUR_alparslan_türkeş
recruit_character = TUR_ismael_bilen
recruit_character = TUR_necmettin_erbakan
recruit_character = TUR_cevdet_sunay
recruit_character = TUR_fahri_koruturk
recruit_character = TUR_turgut_Özal
recruit_character = TUR_bülent_ecevit
recruit_character = TUR_aydemir_guler
recruit_character = TUR_doğu_perinçek
recruit_character = TUR_muhsin_yazicioglu
recruit_character = TUR_recai_kutan
recruit_character = TUR_abdullah_gül
recruit_character = TUR_recep_tayyip_erdogan
