recruit_character = UKR_kost_levytsky
recruit_character = UKR_symon_petliura
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_hrushevsky
recruit_character = UKR_stepan_bandera
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_i
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_vynnychenko
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_muzhenko
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_popko
recruit_character = UKR_anatoly_shevchenko
recruit_character = UKR_mykhailo_zabrodskyi
recruit_character = UKR_oleksandr_lokota
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_drozdov
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_shaptala
recruit_character = UKR_vasyl_zubanich
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_nikolyuk
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_shvorak
recruit_character = UKR_ihor_voronchenko
recruit_character = UKR_serhiy_hayduk
recruit_character = UKR_nikita_sergeyevich_khrushchev
recruit_character = UKR_leonid_kravchuk
recruit_character = UKR_leonid_kuchma
recruit_character = UKR_dmytro_yarosh
recruit_character = UKR_petro_symonenko
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_rybak
recruit_character = UKR_viktor_yushchenko
recruit_character = UKR_petro_poroshenko
recruit_character = UKR_volodymyr_zelensky
recruit_character = UKR_yevgeny_zavoyko
