recruit_character = VEN_isaias_medina_angarita
recruit_character = VEN_cipriano_castro
recruit_character = VEN_eleazar_lópez_contreras
recruit_character = VEN_juan_bautista_fuenmayor
recruit_character = VEN_juan_vicente_gomez
recruit_character = VEN_victorino_marquez_bustillos
recruit_character = VEN_vladimir_padrino_lopez
recruit_character = VEN_juan_de_jesus_garcia_toussaintt
recruit_character = VEN_jesus_alberto_milano_mendoza
recruit_character = VEN_edgar_valentin_cruz_arteaga
recruit_character = VEN_nestor_luis_reverol_torres
recruit_character = VEN_antonio_benavidez_torrez
recruit_character = VEN_cecar_vega_gonzalez
recruit_character = VEN_henry_rangel_silva
recruit_character = VEN_jose_morantes_torres
recruit_character = VEN_luis_medina_fernandes
recruit_character = VEN_orlando_miguel_maneiro_gaspar
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_jose_vieira_acevedo
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_delgado_chalbud
recruit_character = VEN_romulo_betancourt
recruit_character = VEN_arturo_uslar
recruit_character = VEN_german_borregales
recruit_character = VEN_wolfgang_larrazabal
recruit_character = VEN_rafael_caldera
recruit_character = VEN_luis_herrera_campins
recruit_character = VEN_jose_vicente_rangel
recruit_character = VEN_carlos_andrés_pérez
recruit_character = VEN_hugo_chavez
recruit_character = VEN_felix_díaz_ortega
recruit_character = VEN_henrique_capriles
recruit_character = VEN_leopoldo_lopez
recruit_character = VEN_hugo_chávez
recruit_character = VEN_nicolas_maduro
recruit_character = VEN_juan_guaidó
recruit_character = VEN_ramón_siles
